well howdy there internet people it's
beau gown
so today is election day in georgia
and just want to start off by repeating
some things
i said before the 2020 election that i
really wish more people had hurt
first we are probably not going to know
the results
tonight that's probably not going to
happen
mainly due to the amount of absentee
voting
then second is that
because of the amount of absentee voting
it is
incredibly likely that
it appears the race is going one way
and then swings and starts moving the
other direction
it may appear if they count the
in-person votes first
that republicans have a healthy lead
and then as the absentee ballots get
counted it will swing towards democrats
if they count the meddling ballots first
it will look like democrats have a
healthy lead
and then swing towards republicans this
is simply because
democrats tend to take the public health
issue a little more seriously
the polling that i have seen suggests
that it's going to be a relatively close
race since it is not going to be a
blowout
there will be inevitable legal
challenges
and recounts and stuff like that there's
a lot riding on this election control of
the senate
so with that in mind don't
expect a result tonight i mean
sure it could happen but it's pretty
unlikely
the sad part is that because of the
delays that are likely to occur
and because of the swing
in votes that is likely to happen
it will probably add fuel to a lot of
the theories
that are out there however i would point
out
that you can go to videos from before
the election
in 2020 i said it was going to happen
it will probably happen again
so just keep that in mind and
we'll wait and see what happens i've
i've been told that this may not be
resolved
before the inauguration so we may be in
for a healthy weight i am hoping that
that person is wrong
but we'll we'll see what happens anyway
it's just a thought y'all have a good
day